HOW TO PLAY?

1)After you press "Play", you can choose one of the game modes by pressing to the button with its name.
2)If you want to exit, you can easily press the exit button in the main menu, else you can press the close button in the top right corner of the screen.
3)You can choose the animal to play with by changing the animal icon with the arrows near it.
4)There are 10 levels in each game mode which are represented by separate small boxes.

LEARN MODE

1)After you press the button for a level; a map, a blue box, and the icons which represent the directions would be visible.
2)When you press each icon representing a specific direction, you add this direction to the pattern of animal. These directions would be visible on blue box.
3)After you press play button, the animal in the map will follow this created pattern.
4)You should try to make animal go to its destination by pressing appropriate directions.
5)At the end of the game, a panel would be visible according to your game result. If you win, next level would be available; otherwise you can try again by pressing the reset button.

CHALLENGE MODE

1)After you press the button for a level; a map, a blue box, a time controller and the icons which represent the directions would be visible.
2)You will have 2 minutes time to complete the level. Otherwise, you will lose the game.
3)When you press each icon representing a specific direction, you add this direction to the pattern of animal. These directions would be visible on blue box.
4)After you press play button, the animal in the map will follow this created pattern.
5)You should try to make animal go to its destination by pressing appropriate directions.
6)Your efficiency would be evaluated according to time taken, number of movements and your game result.
(If you lose, you will get 0 stars; otherwise you will have the chance of getting stars. Each winner will take 1 star, if the game is finished before half of the given time 1 more star is given, and last star will be given if you make the animal go to its destination in minimum required movements)
7)At the end of the game, a panel would be visible according to your game result. If you win, next level would be available; otherwise you can try again by pressing the reset button.

TEST MODE

1)After you press the button for a level; a map and three different patterns represented by a series of direction icons would be visible.
2)When you press the button above the pattern, this pattern would be applied by the animal on the map.
3)You should try to find the appropriate pattern, which would make the animal go to its destination.
4)At the end of the game, a panel would be visible according to your game result. If the choice is right, next level would be available; otherwise you can try again by pressing the reset button.



